# ShipCapCrew

This is the OOP 1 Multi-Day project: Pirate Game. The program is 1-4 players and you must choose a number within that range. After that, names must be input for each player. A hand is rolled and if the player has a choice to keep gold or reroll gold, they can interact with the program. Rolling a players hand is intentionally automated as it is inconvenient for both the coder and the user to have to input a command each time they want to roll. If there are 4 players, they have the choice to choose teams.

Since I felt like my extra feature was small, I decided to add the other one. The two extentions I have are the choice of teams and the implementation of more than two players. I have decided to implement a way for many players to be added but that may have been too short of an extention so I also decided to implement teams. Although the final project only allows 4, I was thinking that should in the real world, should I ever want to make larger scale changes to the program, I would have the tools built in to do so.

What I learned in the process of doing this project is that I should have tooken more time to plan the project. Although I made my UML table, I did not make a flowchart and so compiling all the pieces of the puzzle took way more time than I thought it would. It also didn't help that I finished a lot of code in one sitting over the break, pressed PULL INSTEAD OF PUSH AND THEN LOST ALL MY PROGRESS AHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHHA. Although I will say that what I did right was to think of extentions before the program. For example, I implemented the addition of many players when I began the program instead of implementing it after the base program as I could just play as 1 player and test functions very easily (similarly, a static hand could be set with greater ease. This made testing very easy) rather than putting in 2 names each time. This time around, I really wanted to do an extention that would help future me implement new systems easier instead of changing it later. This implementation was going to be my extention, the addition of many players, but I thought it was too simple. Hence why I have added an additional extention.